[Silver] Karate is more than a sport.
[grunting]
[Silver] Within every punch and kick
lies centuries of tradition.
It has a rich past.
And now we want you
to become part of its future.
-[grunting]
-[Silver] Welcome to Cobra Kai.
Ais!
[Silver] While our martial arts
date back hundreds of years,
our dojo is committed
to providing state-of-the-art training.
But a dojo is more than mats and machines.
It's about the students.
At Cobra Kai,
we transform kids into champions.
We are proud to be the home of the first
female All Valley Tournament champion,
Tory Nichols.
[Tory yells]
[Silver] At Cobra Kai,
we believe anyone can be a winner.
[yells]
All you need is the right teacher.
-[all] Yes, Sensei!
-[Silver] You can be one of our students.
Sign up now
at our new flagship dojo in Encino,
with more locations opening soon.
It's a new era at Cobra Kai.
Come join us.
[all] Yes, Sensei!
[dramatic music plays]
[dramatic music fades]
[tranquil music plays]
[gasps]
Ah, good morning, Amanda-san.
[Amanda] This is not okay, Daniel.
It is crazy enough you flew him here.
You didn't tell me
he was gonna be living with us.
You definitely didn't say
anything about him being a nudist.
[sighs] He's not a nudist.
He's just a man of routine.
In Okinawa, he'd start every morning
bathing in his local hot spring.
So let's get him a membership to the YMCA.
There are places he can be naked
that aren't our backyard.
-I can't believe this is happening.
-It won't happen again. I--
I'm not talking about the pool.
I'm talking about all of this.
You said the All Valley was the end of it.
Sam and Tory had their match.
Nobody got hurt.
Kreese even went to jail.
It's a karate miracle!
This should be over.
I know, but with Terry Silver in charge
and Cobra Kai expanding,
they're more of a threat than ever.
If I don't do something,
it's only a matter of time
before he's brainwashed
all the kids in the Valley.
I'm not worried about all the kids
in the Valley. I'm worried about our kids.
[sighs] I promise you, Amanda,
I will not put our kids in danger.
How can you keep that promise, Daniel?
Because of Chozen. That's why he's here.
It's summer, Daniel.
Call me crazy, but I thought
we'd be having Mai Tais by the pool,
not watching your Okinawan assassin
use it as his training ground.
[soft music plays]
-[women speak Spanish]
-Oh, no, no. No, gracias. No.
Gracias.
-[Miguel] Oh. No.
-[man speaks Spanish]
Damn.
[soft music continues]
Oi! You need some help, mate?
Uh, yeah. Yeah, yeah. I'd love some help.
Uh, my phone's out of service.
Uh, do you think you could help me
get to 137 Avenue Santurce?
Oh! You're in luck. I can show ya.
-All right.
-[man] Yeah. Easy.
-Thank you, guys.
-All right.
It is right here.
-X marks the spot.
-Awesome.
-Yeah.
-Perfect. Thank you, guys.
No worries. Not easy
to find your way around here.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Actually, you don't mind
giving me some pesos, do you?
Just 'cause it's my map and all.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. H-How many?
Oh. Well, five bucks sound fair?
-Yeah, that sounds more than fair.
-[man] Great.
-All right. There you go.
-Thanks, brother.
-How much you wanna pay for the bag?
-The bag?
[tense music plays]
[sighs]
-Okay, give me back my bag.
-[man] Uh-uh.
I just figure a reward might be in order.
Since we found your bag and all.
[tense music continues]
Okay. Uh…
-H-How much are you thinking?
-How much you got?
Um…
There you go.
[tense music continues]
[whistles] Want that?
A little something for you.
What? You didn't think
I'd take all your money?
What kind of monster do you think I am?
[man chuckles]
Oh, and hey.
Welcome to Mexico.
Yeah, thanks.
[upbeat music plays]
♪ Woo! ♪
[Johnny] All right. Gracias.
[upbeat music plays]
Got us some choice supplies
for the next leg of our road trip.
-Mexican Cokes.
-I think here they're just Cokes.
[Johnny] Mexican candy.
Chicharróns.
And just picked up this badass cell phone.
It's got 60 minutos on it.
That's, like, 300 American minutes.
And I got you a little something
to say, "Welcome to Mexico."
Don't tell me it's offensive.
We bought it in Mexico. It's their idea.
And here.
Gift number two.
Turn it around.
[Johnny laughs]
Isn't that great?
I got one for me too.
What are we actually doing here?
Don't say it's a father-son bonding thing.
We could've done that 500 miles ago.
All right, look.
This is a father-son bonding thing.
There's something to take care of first.
[Daniel] Everyone, gather around.
It's great to see you all back here.
You know, we had one goal
going into the All Valley.
Beat Cobra Kai.
We walked away with a first-place trophy
thanks to Eli.
-[applause]
-[boy] Woo!
As far as the rest of the tournament,
well, it just didn't go our way.
We said we'd close our dojo if we lost.
And…
that's what we're going to do.
As of today,
I am shutting down Miyagi-Do Karate.
-What?
-Wait. Mr. LaRusso--
I know that's not
what you were hoping to hear,
but with everything going on at Cobra Kai,
continuing to operate Miyagi-Do
only leaves a target on your backs.
Guys, I have to keep you safe, okay?
Just remember what you've learned.
This dojo may be closing,
but Miyagi-Do lives
inside each and every one of you still.
Great. Guess I'm getting a summer job.
[sighs]
Dad, this can't be your plan.
I know you're disappointed.
I just wanna make things right.
This wouldn't be happening
if I hadn't lost to Tory.
This is all my fault.
No, Sam. It's mine.
With Johnny gone, it's on me to fix this.
I reached out to Chozen because
this isn't about a tournament anymore.
This is real life.
-But, Dad, I can fight.
-This isn't your fight, Sam.
I know firsthand that Silver isn't afraid
of putting kids in harm's way.
I have to keep all of you out of it.
So, please, just…
Just trust me on this.
[somber music plays]
[somber music fades]
[indistinct chatter]
[relaxing music plays]
[man 1] Hey, gracias, Hector!
[laughter]
Hector?
[men speak Spanish]
[laughter]
[in Spanish] Hey! Section's closed.
The boss is busy.
Pueblo, let the boy through.
Hello, son. I haven't seen you
around here before.
I just got into town.
My name is Miguel… Diaz.
Well, then it's a pleasure
to meet you, Miguelito.
Uh, my mother is Carmen Diaz.
Your old lady sounds hot.
[laughter]
She's from Ecuador.
What is this?
Is something wrong with your head?
-Pueblo, get this guy out of here.
-Come on.
-[dramatic music plays]
-[Pueblo groans]
[both grunt]
[laughs]
[man 2] You gonna let him
beat you up, cousin?
You're brave, Miguelin.
You want a beer?
I want answers.
Carmen and Rosa Diaz.
You knew when you lived in Guayaquil.
[chuckles]
Dude thinks he's the boss.
[tense music plays]
Look, man.
I'm not the guy you're looking for.
And honestly, I've never known
a fucking Carmen.
Now if you don't fuck off,
all these guys you see here
are gonna beat the shit out of you.
So go to fucking hell.
[Miguel] Sorry, uh…
Okay. I'm leaving, sir.
Get up, damn Pueblo.
You're being dramatic, man.
Goddamn stupid idiot.
[Robby in English] You've got
to be kidding.
You have every right to be upset.
How could you take me to Mexico and not
mention once we're coming to get Miguel?
"Robby, let's go to Mexico.
Come back with some stories."
I wasn't bullshitting you.
I wanna fix our relationship.
When I heard Miguel was in trouble,
I had to do something.
I just couldn't leave you at home.
I'm done doing that.
-Besides, I need your help to find Miguel.
-My help? Do you even have a plan?
Yeah, of course I do.
Miguel's looking for Hector Salazar.
I know where the kid gets off the bus.
That's our first stop.
When we get there,
what do you plan on doing?
I'll ask around if anyone saw Miguel.
-That's the big plan?
-Of course not.
We come up dry,
I'll check the Mexican phone book.
Oh my God. You drove me over
a thousand miles to check a phone book?
Might as well
put Miguel's face on a milk carton.
They still do that?
I could be at home with Tory.
Coming with you was a mistake.
[sighs]
All right. I'm sorry, okay?
I thought this trip
would help you and Miguel.
When we get to the bus station, if you
wanna buy a ticket home, you can.
I don't want you to go home, but--
-[Robby] Dad, watch out!
-Shit!
[brakes squeal]
[air hisses]
[Silver] We're just as proud to announce
we'll soon be opening Cobra Kai franchises
throughout the entire Valley,
so every one of you young men
and women here
can be part of our championship dojo.
-And--
-This is what we're up against.
Terry Silver.
This is how everyone sees him.
As some kind of philanthropist
out to save the kids of the Valley.
That's why you're here.
I tried to stop Cobra Kai on my own.
Nothing's worked.
There's only one way to end this.
We have to cut the head off the snake.
Hai, Daniel-san. I can do that.
[grunts]
Hey, whoa. No. No, no.
I didn't mean literally cut his head off.
They are not for cutting.
They are for blocking, and stabbing,
and clawing, and gouging.
Still, please, put 'em away
before Amanda sees them.
What I meant was we need
to expose Silver for who he really is.
Then his students will see the light.
The problem is
Silver may be crazy, but he's not dumb.
He always thinks two moves ahead.
You have to be careful with this guy.
No, Daniel-san.
He must be careful with this guy.
[suspenseful music plays]
Take me to Terry Silver.
[suspenseful music continues]
[breathes heavily]
[grunts]
[grunts and groans]
[Sam yells]
[breathes heavily]
[grunting]
[yells]
[breathes heavily]
-[Sam yells]
-[referee] Point. Winner.
[tense music plays]
[cell phone buzzes]
-Miguel?
-Hey, Sam.
Where are you?
Are you okay? I kept calling and, and--
Yeah, look, I-I just didn't want anyone
to know where I was until I found my dad.
Did you find him?
Well, that's… That's actually
why I'm calling right now.
The process has been
harder than I expected--
That's why you're calling?
Your mom is so worried. You left without
telling anyone where you were going.
Well, I knew if I told you,
you'd try to stop me.
Because we care about you.
Miguel, what you're doing
is really dangerous.
Your mom and grandma left Ecuador
to get away from your dad.
They probably did it for a good reason.
I… I…
-I…
-[dumpster lid slams]
[Sam] Gonna ask
what happened at the tournament?
You knew what it meant
for me to face Tory.
You're not gonna ask if I won or lost?
Sam, h-how are you making this
about you right now?
I'm not. I… I just thought
you'd be in my corner.
Okay, well, what about my corner?
You… You have no idea.
There are more important things
than karate.
Yeah, there are.
[sighs]
[in Spanish] Hector!
What are you doing? That's Rogelio's job.
[in English] What?
[in Spanish] He's really tired. He just
had a baby. We have to give him a break.
Sometimes you're too nice, Hector.
-[indistinct chatter in Spanish]
-[laughter]
[in English] Dad?
[emotional music plays]
Where did LaRusso hide the lug wrench?
-I lived in here, remember?
-Of course I remember.
How the hell'd you get this car anyway?
I went looking for you.
After you went missing,
me and LaRusso tried to find you.
We found this hunk of junk instead.
We found some pissant driving it.
We chased him to a chop shop.
Ended up fighting
the douchebags that stole it.
I had no idea.
[sighs]
I know I haven't been there for you,
Robby. More times than I can count.
But I've also failed Miguel.
Hell, I'm the reason
he ran off in the first place.
I'm out here trying to fix my mistakes
so I don't have to live with regret.
If you're serious about making things
right, you can start by helping Miguel.
I know you have regrets
when it comes to him.
[emotional music plays]
I'm gonna call Carmen. I'll be right back.
Finish taking these off.
-Johnny. Are you at the bus station yet?
-[Johnny] Uh…
We had car trouble.
Be there in a few hours.
Any updates? Hear from Miguel?
No, but I did hear from Sam.
Miguel called her. He's okay.
All right. That's great.
Did she say where he's going?
All Sam knows is
that Miguel hasn't found Hector. Yet.
I feel sick to my stomach
with Hector having no idea he has a son
and Miguel not answering my calls.
Maybe I should come down there.
No, there's no reason
to put yourself in danger.
Who knows what Hector could do
if he sees you again.
It's under control.
I'll find him, I promise.
-It's gonna be okay.
-Okay.
[dramatic music plays]
[Daniel] Look at that line.
You'd think he's
giving away Teslas or something.
Picked a good location too.
Lots of foot traffic.
Welcome to Cobra Kai.
This is what I was afraid of.
Cobra Kai's enlisting kids who have
no idea what they're getting into.
[tense music plays]
[grunting]
Daniel-san, look.
[speaks Japanese]
What? What is it?
I have seen these moves before.
[Daniel] You have? Where?
Kim Sun-Yung.
Excuse me. My name is Terry Silver.
My master is Kim Sun-Yung of South Korea.
My teacher sends his respects.
Wait. That's a real person?
I thought it was just mumbo-jumbo
Silver came up with.
No. He's very real.
My uncle Sato did not speak much
of Kim Sun-Yung,
but I know he had much anger towards him.
Sounds like Sato.
I don't think I ever remember
Mr. Miyagi mentioning Kim Sun-Yung.
Well, Miyagi-san left Okinawa
before World War II.
Kim Sun-Yung became known
during Korean War.
He taught many American soldiers.
Makes sense. Kreese and Silver
are war buddies. What did he teach them?
Uh, Kim Sun-Yung
was a master of Tang Soo Do,
but that is not what he taught.
His style was, um, controversial.
What was controversial about it?
I will demonstrate.
[tense music plays]
[grunting]
[coughs]
[clears throat]
Kim Sun-Yung's style
is based on deception.
No honor. No mercy.
You could've just told me.
If Silver is student of Master Kim,
we must be careful.
All direct attacks will be recognized.
I don't want to attack him.
I want to expose him.
To catch serpent,
you must think like serpent.
We will use his style against him.
How will we do that?
[tense music crescendos]
[upbeat music plays]
[chatter in Spanish]
[upbeat music continues]
Ah. [roars]
[giggles]
[melancholy music plays]
Hey. Uh, hola.
[in Spanish] My name is Miguel.
And you? Your name?
[woman] Luis!
[melancholy music continues]
[indistinct chatter]
[woman laughs]
[Johnny] The bus leaves from here. Si?
-Here, yes.
-Okay. Thank you.
All right, the next bus leaves
in a few hours.
This'll buy your ticket.
This is for some drinks and snacks.
Where are you going?
Ticket guy thinks
he saw Miguel talking to these surfers.
I'm gonna ask around.
Sorry I dragged you into this, Robby.
-English?
-Australian.
Good enough. I'm looking for a kid.
Seventeen, Ecuadorian.
Slight build, but we're working on that.
-Seen him?
-I gave him directions, yeah.
Great. Can you tell me which way he went?
Might be easier if I show ya.
Got a map.
Here we go. So…
Turn around.
He was heading here.
X marks the spot.
[dramatic music plays]
That's a bad idea.
[Johnny grunts]
[man groans]
All right, what's the scam?
Give me some bum address,
try to steal my wallet?
No, the address is real.
[chuckles] As for your money,
I'm gonna end up with it either way,
so we can do it the easy way
or the fun way.
Listen, asshole,
you have five seconds
to tell me which way that kid went,
or I'm gonna take that surfboard
and shove it so far up your ass
your friends are gonna be surfing you.
-[chuckles] Okay.
-[Johnny] All right?
-The fun way. Good.
-[Johnny] Yeah, the fun way.
[grunting]
[Australian] Would you look
at that? [grunts]
[upbeat music plays]
[grunting]
-[man yells]
-[Johnny yells]
[grunts]
[groans]
-[man groans]
-[Australian grunts]
[upbeat music continues]
[Robby grunts]
[Johnny grunts]
[upbeat music fades]
[Johnny] Adios, dickheads.
[upbeat music plays]
[dramatic music plays]
Luis!
-[Miguel gasps]
-[car horn honks]
Hey.
[in Spanish] Hey, thank you so much.
Really.
What you did was just incredible.
Uh…
It was nothing.
I was here at the right time.
Where's your accent from?
I'm American.
Ah.
[in English] Entonces we are lucky
our paths crossed.
I-I guess so.
[in Spanish] You saved my son.
You're a hero.
How can I repay you?
No.
Please have dinner with us.
-[in English] No.
-Hey. Please, we insist.
It's the least we can do.
-Okay. Okay.
-[Hector chuckles]
Oh, uh, I'm… I'm Hector Salazar.
Uh, Miguel.
It's wonderful to meet you.
-It's… It's nice to meet you too.
-[Hector chuckles]
Oh.
This is strange.
I feel like,
uh, we've met somewhere before.
[chuckles] I don't think we have.
[Hector laughs]
Well, maybe you're a stranger,
but tonight, you're family. Okay?
-Okay. All right.
-Okay. Vamos. Come on.
[Miguel] Vamos. Okay.
Thanks again.
[Miguel] Of course, of course.
[hopeful music plays]
This trip was a disaster from jump.
You're right.
It was a mistake to bring you.
No, it wasn't.
Okay, I mean, some of it was.
Technically, you kidnapped
and transported a minor across the border.
But we got a good story out of it.
Yeah, we did.
Your bus'll be here soon. You should go.
This is my mess to clean up.
You're right. But…
But I'm gonna stay.
[hopeful music plays]
You're trying to make things right.
I wanna help you.
At least now we know where we're going.
X marks the spot, right?
-All right.
-[both laugh]
[Johnny] All right.
[Silver] Today is a turning point
at Cobra Kai.
[sinister music plays]
[Silver] Our competition
has closed up shop…
and the Valley now looks to us
to lead the way.
[sinister music continues]
[Silver] We have a long road ahead.
This is just the beginning.
Right now, we're strangers.
[laughter]
[Silver] But I can tell you,
we won't be strangers for long.
This is the start of something special.
[sinister music continues]
[Silver] For everyone else,
it's summer vacation.
But for us,
the real work is about to begin.
[sinister music continues]
Cobra Kai now has more students
than ever before.
That means we'll need more senseis.
I'm gonna ask you
to do more than what's expected.
[tense music plays]
Which means I'm going to pay
more than what's expected.
But first,
you must prove yourself
in the way of the fist.
[tense music continues]
It's time to see if you're worthy.
[man] Hai!
Welcome to Cobra Kai.
[tense music crescendos]
[theme music plays]